We have been familiar with the 9th floor recently.
Our time
Lost almost 1,000 taels of silver
If it goes on like this, it will really hurt the muscles and bones
Fire injuries
Then Linyi is afraid that the grave will be destroyed.
Keep throwing money
30% off his thirteen incense sticks
Let's fold the spicy food.
There are many people in the world who are willing to eat cheap
I let him not get a single customer.
Shut down for less than half a dollar
Ah Xuan told the brothers
Double the ingredients this month
What about all the production?
It has to be more than 3 times the usual
I'll give you an extra month for all the wages
Boss, have you finished making so many 13 boxes?
Is that something you should think about?
Haha, I told you everything.
Just do it.
Humph
Prime Minister
Crayfish Kowloon seems to be doing something again
There are big red strips on the signs
Well, what tricks does Lin Yi want to play?
Xianggong, why don't we find some people from the government?
Teach Lin Yi a lesson
OK, you go ahead.
Lend him some gifts
Concubines can't help us in vain